Devo v2 enh (#32682)
demisto/content: Packs/Devo/ReleaseNotes/1_3_0.md

#### Integrations
##### Devo v2

> - Added new argument ***fields_to_view*** to the commands ***devo-run-query***, ***devo-get-alerts*** and ***devo-multi-table-query*** to filter out the specific fields in results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *fields_to_view* argument to the following commands  to filter out the specific fields in the results.
   - ***devo-run-query***
   - ***devo-get-alerts***
   - ***devo-multi-table-query***
```
